Hamada abua Treads carefully on the
rubble of what remains of his family
home in Rua Southern
Gaza an Israeli air strike destroyed it
killing six of his children his wife and
two of his
grandchildren he says five of their
bodies remain buried under the Twisted
Metal and broken
[Music]
concrete we found the three body of
Muhammed mm and suud 500 me away from
the house the rest of my family were
inside the house we found only parts of
their bodies we couldn't recognize them
we put these parts in the plastic bags
and we buried what was left of their
bodies hameda has put up a tent on the
rubble so he can be close to the
memories of those he
loved I set up the tent here on the
rubble to tell the world that we are
here we will stay here strong and
resilient this is our country and our
future will always be here God has
chosen us to be born and buried on this
land so I stay here in the tent to be
able to collect as soon as possible and
as much as I can what is left from the
bodies of my family in order to bury
them the Gaza Health Ministry says
around 23 and a half thousand
Palestinians have been killed by
Israel's Land Air and sea bombardment of
the strip and it says around 7,000 more
people are missing feared dead and
buried under the
rubble I come here very early every day
after morning prayers I follow the cats
because they have a strong sense of
smell and they try every day to remove
the rubble and search for the remains of
the bodies I'm not the only one who
suffers like this there are too many
people under the rubble all over
Gaza hameda goes to the Cemetery where
he inspects the graves of those who were
found and he
buried I am alive and dead at the same
time I am alive and waiting my turn like
all the Palestinians probably God kept
me alive to do something good for the
victims I ask God the almighty for a
good end for myself my pain is vast and
God will reward me if I stay calm and
patient I ask him to bestow his Mercy on
my family
a family wiped out by the Israeli
military a Palestinian father with
little else left but his
faith Charles stford Al jazer